Update the incremental merkle tree version and the Rust toolchain. (#290)
zcash/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
Initial release!

## [Removed]

> - The `std::hash::Hash` instance for `MerkleHashOrchard` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `impl std::hash::Hash for MerkleHashOrchard` (use `BTreeMap` instead of `HashMap`).
```
